Add instructions for yanking flakes (#15)
DeterminateSystems/flakehub-docs: pages/concepts/yanked-releases.mdx

# Yanked releases

On FlakeHub, you can **yank** specific flake [releases].
Yanked releases are:

* Never considered when resolving a flake [version constraint][semver], *even if that release is the only possible match for the version constraint*.
* Still available to users who have that version locked in their [`flake.lock`][lockfile] file.
* Still visible on the website, although the UI clearly indicates that they've been yanked.

You may want to yank a release if, for example, you've published it by mistake or you consider it to have such significant flaws that you want to shield others from using it.

## How to yank flake releases

<Callout>

> You can only yank releases for which you are an admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only yank releases for your own flakes, or flakes in orgs that you are an admin on.
```
